Hi all,

I'm Linli Shi, and I'll be your TA for the Team Project. We’ll be having our first meeting before the end of week 2, where we’ll go over ideas for the project and hopefully settle on one. I’ll also introduce some key points about Submission 1.

我被分配到的lab session在周三，所以我cluster大多数可用的time slots在这个时间段。周三的会议会是in person的，默认地点在UG04，CS Building。当然你们也可以尝试在LG的

I have been assigned to a lab session on Wednesday, so I’ve tried to cluster the available time slots around the lab sessions. It’d be great if you could meet up with your group, get to know each other (if you haven’t already), or connect via Teams, Discord, or whatever works for you, and then agree on a suitable time. You can find the available slots and book one here:

[https://tpbook.linlishi.xyz/](https://tpbook.linlishi.xyz/)


In previous years, we’ve usually held meetings in the lab during lab sessions, but the noise made it hard to have productive discussions. So this time, we’ll be meeting on Zoom instead. We can also decide in this session how we’d like to run future meetings.

Each group should have one member book a slot. Once the time is confirmed, I’ll send a follow-up email to finalize everything. The meetings are 20 minutes long, but if it’s just a quick progress update and everything is on track, we might not even need that much time.

If you don’t get a chance to meet as a team before the first meeting, at least try to come up with some ideas beforehand so we can dive straight in. Also, if you plan to keep a Meeting Diary, it’s a good idea to decide on a host and a note-taker to help keep track of discussions.

Looking forward to working with you all! If you have any questions, just drop me a message.

Linli Shi

---

Hi all,

I'm Linli Shi, and I'll be your TA for the Team Project. We’ll be having our first meeting before the end of week 2, where we’ll go over ideas for the project and hopefully settle on one. I’ll also introduce some key points about Submission 1.

我们需要在第二周结束之前开一次会。由于分配给我的lab session在周三，所以我cluster大多数可用的 meeting time slots在这个时间段。周三的会议将会是in person的。TA被通知的默认的开会地点就在UG04, CS Building，但如果你们能够在开会前去one of the booths (meeting pods, whatever they're called) on the Lower Ground in the Computer Science building占一个位置会更好，因为显然那里更安静。另外，考虑到可能并不是所有人都在周三有时间，我也在周五安排了一些zoom meeting的time slots.

Each group should have one member book a slot. Once the time is confirmed, I’ll send a follow-up email to finalize everything. The meetings are 20-25 minutes long, but if it’s just a quick progress update and everything is on track, we might not even need that much time. 每个组应当先在内部商量出一个一致的时间，再派出一位代表在下面的网站预约时间：

[https://tpbook.linlishi.xyz/](https://tpbook.linlishi.xyz/)

I'd suggest you all meet up and get to know each other (if you don't already) and have a think about ideas. If you can't get the chance to meet up this week before our official team meeting, then at least have a think of some ideas on your own so we can hit the ground running. It’d be great if you could meet up with your group, get to know each other (if you haven’t already), or connect via Teams, Discord, or whatever works for you.

Looking forward to working with you all! If you have any questions, just drop me a message.

Linli Shi

---
\[Team 31\] Team Project: First Meeting Details & Booking Instructions

Hi all,

I'm Linli Shi, and I'll be your supervisor for the Team Project. We’ll be having our first meeting before the end of Week 2, where we’ll discuss project topics and hopefully settle on one. I’ll also introduce some key points about Submission 1.

We need to hold this meeting before the end of Week 2. Since my assigned lab session is on Wednesday, most of my available meeting slots will be clustered around that time. The Wednesday meetings will be **in person**. Ideally, we’d have the meeting in **one of the booths (meeting pods, or whatever they’re called) on the LG of the CS building**, as they tend to be much quieter. However, since these booths **can’t be reserved in advance**, it would be great if someone from your team could **arrive a bit earlier to secure a spot**. If that’s not possible and no booths are available, we’ll meet in the default location, **UG04, CS Building** instead.

Additionally, considering that not everyone may be available on Wednesday, I have also scheduled some **Zoom meeting slots on Friday**.

Each group should have one member book a slot. Once the time is confirmed, I’ll send a follow-up email to finalize everything. The meetings will last **20-25 minutes**, but if it’s just a quick progress update and everything is on track, we might not even need that much time. Please discuss internally to decide on a suitable time and have one representative book a slot at the following link:

[https://tpbook.linlishi.xyz/](https://tpbook.linlishi.xyz/)
Password: teamproj2025
Everyone should visit this website, but please ensure that only one person from each group reserves the time slots. You can also find some announcements and instructions on this website, and the Zoom link can also be found here.

I’d also suggest you take the time to meet up and get to know each other (if you haven’t already) and start brainstorming ideas. If you don’t get a chance to meet before our official team meeting, at least try to come up with some initial ideas on your own so we can hit the ground running. You can connect via **Discord, Teams, or any platform that works for you** (WhatsApp is not recommended due to its very limited support for markdown).

Looking forward to working with you all! If you have any questions, feel free to drop me a message.

Best,  
Linli Shi


  
Ruairi O'Rourke <rxo326@student.bham.ac.uk> from team34 said he has already set the bham email as the primary email for GitHub, but has not been added to the organization. I am not sure whether the organization has been established or the related matters.

Ruairi O'Rourke (rxo326@student.bham.ac.uk) from Team 34 mentioned that he has already set his bham email as the primary email for GitHub, but he has not been added to the organization. I am not sure whether the organization has not been established yet or if there are other related issues.



Just a friendly reminder: I noticed that you guys haven’t booked a meeting time slot yet. If you’d like to schedule an **in-person meeting this Wednesday**, please be sure to reserve your preferred time **by tomorrow** to ensure availability.

If you encounter any challenges in coordinating with your group members or need assistance with scheduling, feel free to reach out. Wishing you all a smooth and productive week ahead.


我在上周五就通过邮件联系了team 33，并且在周一也再次联系了所有teammembers，但到目前为止没有一个人和我联系或者通过我的预约链接预约开会时间。我查看了他们的canvas team界面，里面也没有任何沟通的信息。我不清楚在这种情况下我是否应当做些什么

Hi, just got 2 questions from team 34:
1. ⁠Ellis Maullin-Davies from Team 34 said he's not supposed to be on this module and have been removed from the canvas group. The team is unsure if further steps are needed or if a replacement member will be assigned.
2. Can a preferred name be used in documents like the readme and GDPR, or is only the legal name allowed?